[Music]
thanks for having that's great in too
long when you were 17 years old were you
nominated for any Grammys I would
actually it was me and my mom was a
single mom side
she wasn't around she had three jobs so
I would actually be alone all the time
and I just take my piece of crap 4x4 and
go into the bush have bonfires maybe
have a beer or ten by yourself and no I
literally piled it up as many people as
possible gotcha and go do that sleep in
and probably do it again
the next thing so arson and alcohol so
you're living in Austin Texas
celebrities live in Austin thank you
like more and more yeah yes lives near
you who's your name um well I got a call
a couple years ago and at the time in my
little apartment and get a call
pick it up obviously and it's hey this
is uh Tommy Lee Jones and I go no it's
not we've never met nothing uh-huh and
he's like well you know yeah it is how
you doing and I go now and he's finally
he's like well what are you doing this
Thursday and I'm like you tell me what
I'm doing this and so he asked me to go
to his ranch and obviously I say he's an
icon a living icon yeah well this is a
strange way to yet nobody told you he
was gonna be no I go yeah okay and I
couldn't be a trap the way I'd catfish
or something yeah right for sure so I go
obviously and he's got a beautiful ranch
and he comes out and you know we're
driving all of a sudden and it's like
you know let's one grab a cold one or
whatnot so we go through this
drive-through liquor store drive through
a tiny town and they know and I was just
like in his pickup truck
and we go on his ranch and we just
walked around and chat about the work
and I tried to assimilate as much as I
possibly could and amazing guy and I
think he was sesang me out for a gig oh
he was right in a western and I've
always wanted to do one uh-huh and and
he hasn't called back is it true the
first movie you did with snakes on a
plane absolutely Oh what was it like
making that movie ah brilliant I mean
we're on like a point like a fake plane
the whole time absolutely yeah I mean
there was I hate snakes
like I genuinely yeah and they gave us a
little tour of all the snakes not
poisonous and all this and I was the
first guy that dies in the in the plane
I'm in the bathroom
my girlfriend maybe smoke a joint in
there uh I take down the fire detector
and that's how all the snakes get in so
we're locked in in the bathroom in the
show obviously in the movie we're locked
in and they've been biting me for 30
minutes no no in the movie they're in
the script
right right okay so I need 13 hours of
makeup get all the bites and all this so
we're gonna shoot opening the door and
me coming out dead so you obviously just
fall down onto a mat uh-huh but you
can't move your dad hold your breath do
all that fun stuff and so I'm like yeah
I'm ready I can do this uh-huh and they
opened the door I fall down no one tells
me but off-camera there's two guys
behind the seats pouring live snakes on
top of me no one told me beforehand no
one told me what I'm holding my breath
trying to be dead which obviously did
not happen I lost it
I don't believe I would have never
allowed that back but I came out
apologize great people think it's
glamorous yeah and a big-budget movie
like snakes now what about this movie 21
Bridges yeah you play criminal I do be
and you are being pursued by Chadwick
Boseman
yes yes so they shut down it's kind of
an ode to the the noir films that you up
like a heats the and dare I compared to
like Mean Street sir it's a New York
based movie they shut down Manhattan and
hunt myself and Stefan James who's
amazing in it as well and it all Simmons
oh right yeah so shooting nights I don't
wish that on anyone
oh because you'd have to be up all night
but with that you know the bars are
closed around 2:00 or 3:00 in the
morning and we're outside doing a big
shootout in the movie and you look we
looked over and it was like around 3:00
and there's a few women couple guys and
they're arguing and they're just there's
you have to block the streets obviously
and it's public area so they're right at
the border of like where the blockade is
and we're like you know let's call you a
cab whatever you I mean she's in toxic
Hammer oh okay great just came out of
the bar like last call like no joke okay
and she's like the Defiant moment I
think maybe she won't be yeah
whenever there's anything outside like
no no there's a public street standing
right here times that by a thousand yeah
okay oh good and so they wouldn't the
the guys security were like hey you know
we'll get you a cab what do we need to
do to facilitate this yeah and she's
like you know what and then threw up
over the blockade all over its knees
down and I'm like we should be capturing
this this is the trailer now I like the
way you think yeah
they didn't get it though no maybe next
time well you've really made the movie
seemed glamorous I have yeah well it's
very good to see a Taylor Kitsch
everybody the music is called if you
like that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment